{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2580
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;\f2\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Oblique;
}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red34\green45\blue53;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c17647\c23137\c27059;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww18280\viewh9880\viewkind0
\deftab720
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri-7075\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b\fs32 \cf2 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Basic Scene structure
\f1\b0 : You have defined Scenes (yes, plural) and some means to switch between them (e.g., via in-game actions, temporary key presses, etc.).\'a0 (10 points) (IP)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri-7075\qj\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Player interaction
\f1\b0 : The player can interact with the game. You should have at least one 
\f2\i primary
\f1\i0  mechanic operational. If you make a platformer, perhaps movement and jumping are implemented. If you make a narrative game, perhaps the dialog boxes are implemented. If you're making a hidden object game, perhaps the basic point/click verbs are implemented. Primary mechanics will vary from game to game. (10 points) (Done)\
\pard\tx220\tx720\pardeftab720\li720\fi-720\ri-7075\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \cf2 \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Temporary visual assets
\f1\b0 : What good are core loops and interactions if there is nothing to look at? These should be assets *your team* creates, even if they are geometric primitives, quick doodles, or magazine cutouts. (10 points) (IP)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Temporary sound assets
\f1\b0 : Don't leave decisions about sound until the end of the design process. Sound is integral to making a game feel "real." Make sure your game makes some noise. (10 points) (IP)\
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\b \kerning1\expnd0\expndtw0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8226 	}\expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Code organization and hygiene
\f1\b0 : Be sure you're using good software engineering practices, including version control (git/GitHub), code commenting, code encapsulation (Scenes, prefabs, etc.), and other quality-of-life features (e.g., indenting, logical variable names, etc.). It doesn't have to be perfect, but a grader should be able to look at your GitHub repository and understand how your code is structured and how it works. (10 points) (IP)}